Now that we have the majority of the functionality built when I go back to the app level and I am done
focusing on an item, what I would like to see over here is something called my focus history.
So basically, what I want to do is I want to build a new feature here.
And don't worry about the red screen coming over here.
We're going to build something called focus history.
And this is going to be a new, fully fledged feature.
Let's remove the use state here that we defaulted to test so that we got back here.
It can't find focus history.
That's completely fine.
This is a new feature we want to build.
And basically, what we want to do is we want to pass it.
The focused items were, you know, let's pass something called the the history.
Let's call it the history.
And this is going to be the history of items that we focused on now.
We're not currently tracking that or storing that in any way.
So, you know, you state we're going to track history and we're going to set history, and that's going
to be a use state of an array.
Now, any time you know, history items come in, they're going to be pushed into this focus history
and this focus history is going to visualize us a list of focus items.
So we're going to build a new feature and we're going to call it focus history.
Thought, J.S..
Now, as with all other components, important, react from react, let's import view and text.
From React Native.
And then what we'll do is we'll export here, export Konst Focus history.
And what that's going to be is it's going to be a component that returns us a view right for now.
And within that view is going to be taxed.
And it's just going to say focus history will be built here.
And that's all we're going to put in there for now.
Now we'll go back to our feature.
We're here and we have to import focus history from.
Dot slash source.
And then we'll go down the focus history.
From the features.
Why isn't it visible anywhere?
What's going on here?
Well, basically, you know, our focus feature is taking in the entire view.
So it's over here all the way at the bottom and it being all the way at the bottom isn't great.
So we're going to have to go look at focus and see what it's doing internally.
And now that we know that, you know, this container is basically just this feature, what we can do
is we can give this a 0.2.
Or even zero point one, we don't need that much space or we could just let it auto grow.
Right?
And by not giving it a specific flex, it's just going to take up the space that it needs to take up.
That's great.
And so if we go over here back to our app, you can see that focus history is not all the way up here.
Now it's in dark text, but we've made focus only take up the space that it actually requires.
And so from there, we can start building out our focus history.